=Zomadicam: A SketchUp to Shopbot Partfile generator=

==Introduction==
There are two primary ways you can use Zomadicam to generate Shopbot Partfiles from SketchUp Geometry.
 * Proper Model to Partfile
 * Primitive Geometry to Partfile


==Installation==

 * Copy the Zomadic plugins into the Google Sketchup plugins folder.

 * Be sure you are on a PC and have created C:\SbParts\

==Transform Proper Model directly to Partfile==
 Once a model has been properly created to work with Zomadicam the model can be easily shared by uploading it to the Google 3D Warehouse. To download and create a model already uploaded follow these steps.

 * Launch Sketchup and menu select File->3D Warehouse->Get Models...

 * Search for the Collection Zomadicam and download the Virtual Shopbot directly into your model.

 * After importing the Virtual Shopbot you *must* explode the Virtual Shopbot Model *one* time. This step will be soon deprecated. This because Sketchup automatically wraps the component in a new generic component and we don't want that.

 * Download another model from the 3D-Warehouse::ZomadiCAM Collection.

 * Select the Virtual Shopbot Table and set its z-zero value Plugins::Zomadic Tools::ZomadiCAM::set Z-Zero... 

 * Select the model and menu select Plugins::Zomadic Tools::ZomadiCAM::Transform Model directly to Partfile. Follow the dialogs.

 * The Shopbot Partfile for the model should have been written into the C:\SbParts\ folder.





==Creating Partfiles from primitive Geometry==

You may also create partfiles based upon raw Sketchup geometry which is not necessarily a part of a model. There are two main steps

  ===Translate Geometry to Toolpath===
 # Make sure the geometry is wrapped within a component
 # Select the components you wish to write to a partfile
 # Menu-select Plugins->Zomadic Tools->ZomadiCAM->transform selected Geometry to Toolpath

  ===Translate Toolpath to Partfile===
 # Set the global Z-Zero value you wish to use; menu-select Plugins->Zomadic Tools->ZomadiCAM->set Z-Zero...
 # Select the Toolpath components from the toolpath_geometry layer you wish to write to the partfile
 # Menu-select Plugins->Zomadic Tools->ZomadiCAM->write selected toolpath geometry to Partfile









